PayPal Buy  Sell  Send  Business
Email addressForgot your email address? PasswordForgot password?  Sign Up
Pay securely
for a coffee or a cabin.

Pay Faster in Apps
Pause
Every purchase with PayPal enters you into our holiday sweepstakes with $100k in total prizes. See rules | Learn more
Help Contact 
Search See all countries Scroll to next panel
Check out without checking your cards.
Millions of customers use us for one simple reason: it’s simple. Just an email and password will get you through to checkout before you can reach for your wallet.
Pay on eBay Pay on websites
Every line is the express line.
Order ahead and be ready to go before you walk in the door. Pay the check before the server can bring it to you. No lines, no signing. Just a simple, secure way to pay when you're out in the world.
Pay in stores Pay in apps
Make sending as easy as spending.
Send money to almost anyone with an email or mobile number quickly. You can send all around the world and they’ll be delighted to get your message.
Send money
Make a simple request.
Requesting money is a friendly reminder for a favor or job well done. They’ll get an invitation to pay any way they like without having to think about it.
Request money
It's great when everything just clicks.
Start accepting credit cards with the simple turn of our key. We've figured it all out for you, from sales to figures. Stop running, it runs itself.
Get paid on your website Get paid in your app
Wherever your business goes, it grows.
A leader in online payments is also available in person. Use our app to turn your mobile device into a register, in store or on the go. Accept cards, record checks, and, of course, PayPal.
Get paid on the go Get paid in your store
Money matters.
Sign Up for Free
Help
 
Contact
 
Fees
 
Security
 
Apps
 
Shop
See all countries Search
About
 
Blog
 
Jobs
 
Sitemap
 
eBay
 
Developers
 
Enterprise
 
Partners
 
Feedback
© 1999 - 2014 PayPal  
Privacy
 
Legal
 
