Welcome to Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
4,655,923 articles in English
Arts
Biography
Geography
History
Mathematics
Science
Society
Technology
All portals
From today's featured article
Underwater view of a coral reef
Biscayne National Park is a U.S. National Park in southern Florida, south of Miami, that preserves Biscayne Bay and its offshore barrier reefs (pictured). Ninety-five percent of the park is water, accessible only by boat. It covers 172,971 acres (69,999 ha) and includes Elliott Key, the first of the true Florida Keys. The park protects four ecosystems (mangrove swamp, shallow waters, coral limestone keys and the Florida Reef), providing a nursery for larval and juvenile fish, molluscs and crustaceans, and nesting grounds for endangered sea turtles. Sixteen endangered species including Schaus' swallowtail butterflies, smalltooth sawfish, manatees, and green and hawksbill sea turtles may be observed in the park. The people of the Glades culture inhabited the region about 10,000 years ago before rising sea levels filled the bay. The Tequesta people occupied the area from about 4,000 BC to the 16th century, when the Spanish took possession of Florida. Following the Cuban Revolution, Elliott Key was used as a training ground for infiltrators into Castro's Cuba by the CIA and Cuban exile groups. (Full article...)

Recently featured: Haflinger – Franklin Pierce – History of the National Hockey League (1917–42)

Archive – By email – More featured articles...
Did you know...
From Wikipedia's new and recently improved content:

Facade of Tabaco Church

... that the National Museum of the Philippines declared San Juan Bautista Parish Church (pictured) one of two National Cultural Treasures in the Bicol region?
... that Eystein Olafsson, King of Dublin, was "deceitfully" killed by Halfdan Ragnarsson, King of Jórvík?
... that the main star of the Theta Coronae Borealis system spins at 393 kilometres (244 mi) per second at its equator?
... that the concrete Robespierre Monument collapsed four days after its erection in Moscow in 1918?
... that Confucius thought so highly of his disciple Nangong Kuo that he gave the student his niece in marriage?
... that reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel won the Grammy, Latin Grammy, and Lo Nuestro Award for Urban Album of the Year for their album Los Extraterrestres?
... that the vicinity of Devil Hole Run has been described as "Hell-like" and "sinister"?
Archive – Start a new article – Nominate an article
In the news
Magnus Carlsen
Magnus Carlsen (pictured) defeats Viswanathan Anand to retain the World Chess Championship title.
In motor racing, Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton wins the Formula One championship.
Opposition candidate Klaus Iohannis is elected President of Romania.
The 9th G-20 summit concludes in Brisbane, following discussions focusing primarily on economic issues.
With world leaders from 21 Pacific Rim countries attending, the APEC Economic Leaders' Meeting concludes in Beijing.
The Philae lander, deployed from the European Space Agency's Rosetta probe, reaches the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko.
Ongoing: Ebola outbreak – Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
Recent deaths: Pat Quinn – Viktor Tikhonov – Mike Nichols

On this day...
November 25: Teachers' Day in Indonesia; Evacuation Day in New York (1783)

Stanislaw August Poniatowski by Johann Baptist von Lampi after 1788

1034 – After Malcolm II of Scotland died at Glamis, Duncan, the son of his second daughter, instead of Macbeth, the son of his eldest daughter, inherited the throne to become the King of Scots.
1795 – Stanislaw August Poniatowski (pictured), the last King of Poland, was forced to abdicate after the Third Partition of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
1863 – American Civil War: Confederate forces were defeated at the Battle of Missionary Ridge in Chattanooga, Tennessee, opening the door to the Union's invasion of the Deep South.
1952 – Agatha Christie's mystery play The Mousetrap, the play with the longest initial run in history, opened at the Ambassadors Theatre in London.
1960 – The Mirabal sisters, who opposed the dictatorship of military strongman Rafael Trujillo in the Dominican Republic, were beaten and strangled to death.
More anniversaries: November 24 – November 25 – November 26

Archive – By email – List of historical anniversaries
It is now November 25, 2014 (UTC) – Reload this page
Today's featured picture
Astrolabe	
An Iranian astrolabe, handmade from brass by Jacopo Koushan in 2013. Astrolabes are elaborate inclinometers used by astronomers, navigators, and astrologers from classical antiquity, through the Islamic Golden Age and European Middle Ages, until the Renaissance. These could be used for a variety of purposes, including predicting the positions of the Sun, Moon, planets, and stars; determining local time given local latitude; surveying; triangulation; calculating the qibla; and finding the times for salat.

Photograph: Masoud Safarniya
Recently featured: Arundhati Roy – Musk duck – Curculio

Archive – More featured pictures...
Other areas of Wikipedia
Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas.
Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia.
Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English.
Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects.
Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation.
Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies.
Wikipedia's sister projects
Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects:

Commons	Commons
Free media repository	MediaWiki	MediaWiki
Wiki software development	Meta-Wiki	Meta-Wiki
Wikimedia project coordination
Wikibooks	Wikibooks
Free textbooks and manuals	Wikidata	Wikidata
Free knowledge base	Wikinews	Wikinews
Free-content news
Wikiquote	Wikiquote
Collection of quotations	Wikisource	Wikisource
Free-content library	Wikispecies	Wikispecies
Directory of species
Wikiversity	Wikiversity
Free learning materials and activities	Wikivoyage	Wikivoyage
Free travel guide	Wiktionary	Wiktionary
Dictionary and thesaurus
Wikipedia languages
This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001, it currently contains 4,655,923 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.

More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch español français italiano Nederlands polski ??????? svenska
More than 400,000 articles: català ????? ??? norsk bokmål português Ti?ng Vi?t ?????????? ??
More than 200,000 articles: ??????? Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu ceština Esperanto euskara ??? magyar româna ?????? / srpski suomi Türkçe
More than 50,000 articles: ????????? dansk eesti ???????? English (simple) galego ????? hrvatski latviešu lietuviu norsk nynorsk slovencina slovenšcina srpskohrvatski / ?????????????? ???
Complete list of Wikipedias
Navigation menu
Create accountLog inMain PageTalkReadView sourceView history

Main page
Contents
Featured content
Current events
Random article
Donate to Wikipedia
Wikimedia Shop
Interaction
Help
About Wikipedia
Community portal
Recent changes
Contact page
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Special pages
Permanent link
Page information
Wikidata item
Print/export
Create a book
Download as PDF
Printable version
Languages
Simple English
???????
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
?????????
Català
Ceština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
????????
Español
Esperanto
Euskara
?????
Français
Galego
???
?????
Hrvatski
Italiano
???????
Latviešu
Lietuviu
Magyar
Nederlands
???
Norsk bokmål
Norsk nynorsk
Polski
Português
Româna
???????
Slovencina
Slovenšcina
?????? / srpski
Srpskohrvatski / ??????????????
Suomi
Svenska
???
Ti?ng Vi?t
Türkçe
??????????
??
Complete list
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.
Privacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimersContact WikipediaDevelopersMobile viewWikimedia Foundation Powered by MediaWiki